Payment privacy page minor Lightning iteration (#636)
BitcoinDesign/Guide: guide/payments/privacy.md

@TODO: address reuse / write glossary term about Gap limit  
-->

It’s a common misconception that Bitcoin payments are anonymous. Rather, bitcoin payments are [pseudonymous](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pseudonym), meaning no identifiable information is tied to transactions. Unless ownership is revealed, whether by the parties involved or some third-party, payments remain anonymous.

> It is important to differentiate between privacy on the Bitcoin network and Lightning network. Their differences in technical architecture results in different privacy considerations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is important to differentiate between Bitcoin and Lightning network privacy. Their differences in technical architecture result in different privacy considerations.
```
